README.md, before:

Hello! I am currently a Technical Writer at [Traveloka](https://traveloka.com). My responsibilities are in planning, executing, & delivering new initiatives to standardize various engineering processes through documentation efforts in order to provide clarity as well as understanding for engineers, analysts, scientists, in addition to business stakeholders.

Previously, I was a project coordinator at [Mirai Technologies](https://mirai.co.id/). We were a software house that focused on mobile application development catered towards startups. I managed four teams: iOS, Android, Hybrid, & Backend (plus an UI/UX designer). 

Prior to that, I was a specialist at [Apple Retail](https://www.apple.com/retail/), where I led all stages of Apple's products & services purchasing efforts, including requirement definitions, pricing structures, supports availability, & third-party products enhancements by engaging & building relationship with customers through hands-on experiences. 

I am reachable at [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yohanneswijaya/).

Commit message:

Update clause on full stack software engineer

README.md, after:

Hello! I am currently a Technical Writer at [Traveloka](https://traveloka.com) (& en route to becoming a full stack software engineer). My responsibilities are in planning, executing, & delivering new initiatives to standardize various engineering processes through documentation efforts in order to provide clarity as well as understanding for engineers, analysts, scientists, in addition to business stakeholders.

Previously, I was a project coordinator at [Mirai Technologies](https://mirai.co.id/). We were a software house that focused on mobile application development catered towards startups. I managed four teams: iOS, Android, Hybrid, & Backend (plus an UI/UX designer). 

Prior to that, I was a specialist at [Apple Retail](https://www.apple.com/retail/), where I led all stages of Apple's products & services purchasing efforts, including requirement definitions, pricing structures, supports availability, & third-party products enhancements by engaging & building relationship with customers through hands-on experiences. 

I am reachable at [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yohanneswijaya/).
